We own multiple milk collection centers in and around chennai and tiruvallur districts of Tamil nadu, and every shop has a billing machine, it is from those machines we extract aggregate bill for every individual farmer once in every 10 days through a pen drive. We get the bills in .txt format. Before printing the bill we add a standard format of texts at the end of the bills to make the bill look more professional and also prepare an excel sheet separately for every center in which the details of every farmer and the amount we have to pay them for this 10 days will be recorded, which we call it 'the 10 days statement'. There are about 450 farmers from whom we get milk from in our various milk collection centers, which means we will have 450 bills to add those standard texts with and take the amount to be paid to every farmer to prepare the 10 days statement.

Before I joined there, It take people about one half of the day in adding the texts to the end of the bill and preparing the 10 days statement as it was done manually. It is in the same day we have to do the hectic above mentioned tasks and make out the payments using internet banking as well, and all of these were done by a same single person. So, the fatigue of creating the bills and 10 days statement affects the person during the time of making out payments, which used to cause us the financial losses due the human error and the management was struggling to fix.

So, I have successfully created a python program to automate the entire process of adding the standards format of text at the end of each bill and create the 10 days bill for every individual center.
The program will ask for the folder location as an input parameter, it will iterate through all the files(bills) which is in .txt format and add the standard format of text at the end of every bill and extract three values from each bill such as the unique identification number of the farmer, the name and the aggregate amount for the 10 days, into a separate excel file and save it in the same directory as the location of the bills. 

This as drastically reduced the time consumption, the process which earlier used to take almost half a day, and which being hectic in nature as we will have to open all 450 file manually and do all these things causes fatigue and opens room for human errors.

With the help of program this is now being done in less than 5 minutes, which gave us a lot of time for us to concentrate in making out payments with peace which has drastically brought down the financial losses that we were incurring earlier.
